okay okay okay okay okay we are in the
ipfs quorum implementations weekly sync
it is the life of March
it is 2020 still for a while yet welcome
welcome everyone if you're here please
add your name to the attendees list on
the hackpad I will paste it one more
time in the chat just in case you missed
it if you have any a sync updates that
you would like people to hear then add
them to the or hear or read and then add
them to the bottom of the dock we won't
go through them but people will be able
to look at them later when the notes get
caught I said to the the team management
repo and some people can review on those
whenever they please and other people
who weren't able to be here can look at
them too so that still be useful but
what we will do today if you're here is
we will go through our high priority
initiatives and talk about what the
updates are on those initiatives and ask
any questions and yeah generally that's
what we do so is there someone who can
volunteer to be a note-taker today okay
Steven no way
all right thank you
all right let's go so first up is high
priority initiatives and upcoming and or
shipped releases Steven would you like
to update us on go I fit as 0.5 yep yep
there is that everything is gone that's
all for now we think we need to start
merging things but everything is I'm
blocked so I'm not aware of any any
critical blockers nice and for the
people who are new to the cool what is
the schedule end of March the right ed
apart yeah okay and then we have a JSON
fest zero dots right down
ya can't type quickly enough talk for
you to say the big like the big ticket
feature and this is going to be storing
pins and data store instead of Doug
which can make it super fast and that's
all there now in a PR awaiting review
some like interesting things because we
need to do a repo migration and we have
numbers for things and the next one was
a place to be the migrations of storing
Brooks's by a multi hash instead of IC
ID so I don't know if we want to pin the
next version number on that feature so
finished that and then get the pen
migration in need to have a conversation
about this prioritization in the week
with other than that like bug smashing
party so in trying to reduce the number
of replays that we have so when folding
like the HTTP client into a ipfs mono
repo style so there's a whole bunch of
like outstanding PRS so i've been i've
been triaging the issues and moving the
ones across they're still valid but
there's a whole bunch of PRS they're
lower than quite simple like just small
things adding arguments or things and so
gonna have like a bug smashing party
they should know we go we bang through
all these PR so i say we we at the
moment as me so if anyone wants to join
the party cool Wednesday Thursday I'll
be fun I just sorry I just imagine that
likes with like a party hat on and a
little party yeah that would that would
be rad we've got lots of issues and that
need to be need to be squashed and/or
closed because they are not relevant
anymore
say oh yeah I'm sorry I'm just looking
up the link for 0.5 is the road to 0-5
the issue that we should I should link
from here
yes yeah we need to update that issue of
it okay that is the by the time if
you're watching this later then by the
time you look at that issue it will be
updated hopefully anyway okay okay all
right so next up we have upgrading
testing infra slash process is there
anyone here who is able to give us an
update on that okay so next up we have
content routing I have an update on that
or like Debbie and I have an update on
that we did this like soul and course
and the last day the vide was like we
could we could kickstart this hydro
booster thing and so we spent our last
day of of these systems distributed
systems learnings kick-starting this
this hydro project and forking the the
old go was the IPS DHT repo and fixing
it up and separating the concerns and
adding tests and creating plans and and
so it sort of became a thing and I just
spent today just fixing up some of the
refactorings that I was kind of in the
middle of and adding some tests and
things and we've got it running on CI
and but devide would you like to explain
what a Hydra booster is to everyone so
the booster was our like wow and say
like last day of this project but it
doesn't like something that has been
like being pawed through and spiked out
over the course of multiple weeks prior
to that and it's essentially a DHT index
and now it's a node that exists not to
be just one more node but I can note to
augment the quality of the service of
the network I'm not really playing about
too much time to explain it in detail
but I'll just say that you know that
benefits from the lack of civil
resistance in the network to see
cigarette packet to place multiple heads
and the Hydra
in multiple occasions so that like when
someone asks for a record the Hat can go
to its belly which is shared
I got have so many heads and give the
record out and the reason why I saw the
hydro booster is because it also takes
ideas from another proposal that was
like the HD boosters v2 to not only
index out the VT records but out so keep
kind of like a yellow pages of all the
dressed of all the peers so that you can
equip peers with boosters they can jump
directly into the like the right
location rather than having to traverse
the Academy HT over and over you know
it's like perhaps link here the RFC and
the link to the mic working progress
implementation there is a multi stage
implementation which Alan already
translated to a Zeb Gantt chart so much
yeah I do the short version
yuxuan more details come on Ian Allen
and Stephen and Raul wannabe like a lot
of people could get me into this I have
to I have to just really quickly show
you this awesome logo pretty rad
alright okay so that's the Hydra alright
so moving quickly on we have DHT changes
who would like to talk about this one I
do yeah so the stabilized changes are
all sort of merged into the cypress
ready to hopefully get into master
already branch and we we have we have
enough done of the DHT upgrade path PR
for how we're gonna make this backwards
compact like backwards compatible
changes we have we have like the rest of
that path is now charted out we're
basically gonna copy what we do in bit
swap with protocol prefixes and so next
up is taking all the recent updates and
putting them back into test ground and
see how it goes
nice alternate is in review does anyone
have anything I got got good comments
from arsh that I'm trying to work
through this morning there is a passing
test ground test so I'm optimistic we're
pretty close there can you link to that
P oh yeah there's like three of them one
in Auto now when an otter net service
and one in test ground all of them nice
cool thank you
alright any quick questions on content
routing and we've been on here for a
while but it is my main focus okay let's
move on then what if we go next stop the
main gateway its lightest time including
the inner strength which is not that
easy to test it without DNS so PR is
ready for review I'm pretty happy with
it because it does what I wanted to do I
link to the configuration recommendation
so if anyone is interested how that
thing would be set up now is the last
call to back that but I'd feel it's like
pretty easy pretty pretty small
configuration surface just minimal set
of new keys solely to set up subdomain
feature which paths are mounted per
hostname and do we support DNS link
resolution for that specific hostname so
it's pretty small surface next step is
add support for automatic detection of
this feature to our browser extension
and then we implement entire thing in
JSF EFS so like towards the center
that's it
nice thank you later if you're
interested in configuring subdomain
gateways so not the slash ipfs slash cid
the ipfs dot your domain then and you
want to know how how would you configure
that in the future and are interested in
how you would configure it in the future
then go and check out load was PRS so
that's that that's great any quick
questions for ladle alright let's move
on it is the sub wait no just did that
bit swap updates
Derk yeah yeah so last week I was
basically doing some fine-tuning on this
one so heading into the to the releases
upcoming so just sort of cleaned up a
couple of POS there and some tests and
stuff like that and then this week I've
won outstanding PR that's pretty close
to me image and so that I'm just gonna
focus on post testing performance
testing nice thank you for your update
any questions for dark okay okie dokie
[Music]
stream concept eyes drinking research
and or improvements yes yes so last week
I finally got the clinical deck to work
correctly with a much simpler mutation
which still converges and ipfs something
that actually is documentable the CLI
outputs are almost ready for external to
try to play with it including the
outputs to car files we spoke with he
would this morning and isolated all the
gorgeous mismatches that I found there
not yet in there not yet in the
interrupt test but it is Darius a good
like CSV with with all the extra details
that human is for that and we have a
blocker listed towards the end that we
need to talk about today we have time
and the guaipe EFS car support is almost
there I still have a few corner cases
that I need to write tests for and then
we'll have to decide what we're doing
with the go-cart library because it has
some corner cases that they didn't think
about like importing corrupted files and
stuff like that so almost certain I will
ship everything today for that ascertain
those same questions and of amended PR
on the PR if not my first things a
little more so I have well just clarify
it's a good car support is for the
dagger it's for this it's for this and
for all a lot was slash Falcone
interrupts it's basically multiple
things that are nice and then I think
you said that you would look at ipfs tag
export and import what is that this is
this is actually it it's like ipfs tag
export import this is the support worker
files watch it okay yes yeah that's what
I meant okay all right this sounds great
reco so yes is there any questions for
Peter before we move on okay cool all
right and now we have finally Stardust
transport / discovery - good how's it
coming
so regarding improving Jessica fest
browser connectivity with Stardust
basically the implementation PR is
numbers this was merged by the end of
last week and NRC was also released so
basically we are now with to be ours for
review which are configuration and
examples both for just Liberty engines
are FS
and after they got reviewed will ship
the final release for starters and after
that the final step will be to basically
sync with the infra team to deploy fuel
started signalling servers so that
people can make experiments and demos
without needing to run their own and
that's it for now
nice thank you you've asked just for
anyone listening who's curious the start
us it's a it's a replacement that was a
while ago and it's basically a better
WebSocket star and it was originally I'm
not sure why I originally came about but
I know that WebSockets though had they
big security vulnerability that didn't
meant that we weren't happy with taking
it forward and ideally we kind of want
to shut down these that star star
servers and things in the future anyway
so this basically we really think we
were using WebSocket started and have a
kind of alternative now for the time
being all righty any questions for a
fresh coat all right
no questions that means our initiatives
will quickly go will quickly go for you
so these are the backlog stuffs if
there's anything I'm just going to read
the titles if it's anything to say on
them just shout out so we've got UNICEF
s version 1.5 that's just nice to be on
and go add performance distributed
signalling migration to multi hash keys
and blog store introduced wait a minute
introducing rust
ipfs initiative we have an extra one I
think I might have put it in the rocky
section maybe that's a major initiative
or something instead of a minor water
but everybody I'm mark I was asked by
Molly and Volker to join the call and
sort of represents the step you miss
how's it going I'll be really quick I
just linked to the the grant proposal
and the current status which is just the
github projects for everything and I
guess I have a small request if somebody
on the JSF BFS team can do an NPM
publish of the interface ipfs core tests
to the latest version that's in the mono
repo instead of in the singular github
repo that would be really helpful but
apologize if I'm not following the Cole
protocol or anything like no worries you
are welcome here as is anyone who wants
to join that's pretty cool
what what's currently what's currently
hot in Roth ipfs what are you working on
now what's next
so we're in you know there's three
phases of the grant timeline with 1.0
1.1 and 1.2 and we've just moved into
1.1 after the first couple weeks so 1.0
was project set up and giving the
conformance testing Interop and
interface testing running and now we're
working on a block store for rust ipfs
and we're going kind of a endpoint by
endpoint to get the Interop and
conformance testing passing so
we're implementing pub/sub swarm ID
inversion now and then we're moving on
to object or and dad get beg put and a
couple other ones in the next phase
after that so we're really aiming for
specific use cases this time around and
then we'll be putting the Help Wanted
call for contributors out for the rest
of the endpoints and things like that so
it's looking pretty good so far fingers
crossed and I'll be the main sort of
point of contact for the rust ipfs team
but also Jonas from the team might be
joining these calls as well nice that
would be super cool I will add this
section to the not the of a knock back
the back yeah thank you thank you very
calming and thank you for giving us an
update I will say sorry because a quick
thing on quick thing on the interface
tests with every green build of master
were actually automatically publishing
our C's now so there's an there's a
no.13 2.1 - party dot 74 on npm of
interface i'll give us cool which has
perfect yeah so I'll just tag that
version we should be good to go then
thank you nice thank you Alex one one
last thing I just have to show you this
look at the suite logo oh yeah that's
really Helen thanks to Alan we have this
awesome logo it's not often that I get
to show off two logos on one call but
this this day has arrived
alright and so cool Thank You Marc look
forward to hearing from you and and
others on the rust implementation in the
future any quick questions for mark
then we will move on to the design
review peripheral proposals
Steven there is something
next to it oh sorry I signed up for it
oh okay okay
I says they Alex yeah this is just for
the UM the storing pins in the data
store so if anyone's interesting coming
just take your name down and I will find
a convenient spot for us about it nice
as soon as I can write my name properly
cool okay
pretty cool moving on to blockers and
asks to go Jess go rub in convergence
who who wants this palace so Steven
already replied that we basically the
question is do we care about the
conversions itself between the different
CLI utilities with non default command
lines or this is basically sometimes we
just say me my point here is basically
like was already basically Rabin's from
experimental it already has pretty
terrible performance and we can go and
we're planning on swappi offer something
else they wouldn't spend too much time
trying to like me go in like disagreed
on this and said to say okay whatever
like if it's really fast do it if it if
it's not just like we're going to
replace is something else anyways so
well we are going to replace it with
something more recommended but for
pipelines that are built around this
they're probably stuck there forever so
that's what my patients coming from I
don't think anyone is using it in
practice and if they are like changing
it with but says like we change we're
gonna change it anyways like if we
change it then like that's gonna break
Park settings for someone somewhere so
like they might as well just switch to
the new fancy thing we end up making and
like the current labs and libraries are
using is unattainable so yeah I mean I
think it's I think this might just like
it's not worth it even
future with that okay this is worth it
and we can do that but I wouldn't make
my work in the moment as I should not
wait to go you were actually digging
into this do you put the questions or
that's sufficient just just raise a
point Oh aside from the rabbin
mismatches the crashes that I hear in
the CSV file like their deal on really
small parts and read our files so those
we still need to fix very real crashes
yeah personally I'd probably get those
fixed and then well I probably just take
to take a cursory look at why they we
might have differences and if there's
something that there's broken on Jess
that we need to fix and it's super easy
then I'd get it done but otherwise yeah
maybe maybe it's a good idea not to
invest significant amounts of time on
this thumbs up all right cool weird we
were at time is that thing keeps jumping
under there what's happened any
questions or parking lot items from
anyone we have one minute
make it fast Li was a little late to the
meeting so if anybody needs a Tesco and
update I can give a test count update
either currently or sync or just get me
on slack can you do it in less than a
minute sure Anton is on holiday it's so
we're kind of a little bit short-staffed
Hugo is kind of spinning up we will have
a status meeting thing tomorrow we have
revamped the entire test round project
board into a new agile methodology so
it's very easy to read you can tell
what's being worked on this sprint
what's the goals what will she'll be
delivered by next sprint and you know
how we can forecast that work so nice
thank you rob
of course all right I think we've we've
smashed out this one really well today
thank you all for coming thank you for
participating and we
we'll see you all next week for another
exciting round of IBM s career
implementations week 8 sinking here see
you next week